Say you're a bitch
body
Don't leave me
If memories last forever
Growing up in my heart
Now that you admit it wrong
If you scold this bastard, you can't stay
Give him to me
You are shameless, I will do it myself
Aren't you still delusional about being the richest daughter?
Just you bitch
Does it match?
Stop
Sister Ning, our engagement is cancelled
Now the person with you will get out of here immediately
See you.
Let's get married.
He bitch bitch
A fatherless bitch
How dare you rob me of a man
What's up?
Dad?
Yuanchuan said he wants to break off the marriage
He has someone outside
Grandpa's feelings can't be forced
As long as you want
I'll help you find a better one. No.
If you can't marry Fu Yongchuan
I'd rather not live, motherfucker
Your IQ doesn't allow it, right?
Dad, if it was my sister who encountered this humiliation
Would you easily persuade her to change someone?
I will definitely let that bitch die
He made Fu Yuanchuan kneel in front of his sister and repent